is natural food is made by
components that are part of our
diet be vegetables
the carbohydrates we eat and the
porcine bovine proteins poultry
fresh in it we prepare in a way
special for them and when you compare
with a ration
Do you have to eat naturally?
to make a cost-effective
super premium quality in benefits
that's how many are you
the natural food so compared
with reason
it is richer in the nutrients that are
fresh right it promotes the brother and
more turning both right palatability
with the dog that I do not like
I can smell food from the kitchen
They really like natural food.
and there are even snacks that the
people have also been based on the
natural nutrition, then we have
given some brown rice cracker
dried fruit and we always the best
animal animal does not get sick does not present
no health or
food insecurity and has been very
satisfactory the process is totally
You 're not the same as you are.
is is our rice our car
our vegetables they are prepared
target just a couple of components
it's in a microwave not used
we use any form that changes the
molecular structure of dessert
the transition is very traditional
most owners know the
people are mixing a type of food
with the other
the ration a first second second day
we will go to the percentage of 50 and 75 per
cent decreases with almost 150%
than in the middle and increasing so that
the animal does not change
as unpleasant physiological
diarrhea vomiting that is usually common
even when you change a ration one
brand for another
the transition was made a year ago with her
She is two years old today and a year ago.
When danny opened the company I had
curiosity mainly because some
years I was already looking for a
more natural for me and when I saw
possibility of extending this to her
so I thought that made the transition
she adapted very quickly
I have never been a fan of food and I was not a fan of
for articles I had already read
about the composition that was based
in transgenics then there is a
concern and a year ago I made the
transition to natural food
two months ago her baby was born
never had contact with food
The ration basis was then
beginning weaning went straight to
natural food including people
noted that a problem that is common
race she grimi the tear aids
she did not develop in him then she
It was treated as a puppy with
four months and he never had to be
medicated with antibiotics, why not
came to develop and this certainly
is due to more natural and
more organic
the pan food that comes in many
components that can not enter the
field feeding and especially the
onion
grandson we use onion or a seasoning
complete the dog can not ingest onion
it is highly toxic to him that is already
consecrated has scientific articles that
is also well- publicized information in
all the corners in all the literatures
for the qualities of garlic also has
to be carefully dosed floor
It's good, it's an immunity and it's a
natural vermifuge should not be afraid of
use the garlic only the quantities our
salt is very industrialized and has
a sodium
this does not do very well with dogs and
people usually restrict restricts
in patients with renal insufficiency and
heart disease is a natural
feeding towards them and
balanced I tell all people
that I know and some resort yes
some seek and some still have a
little bit of rejection